=head1 NAME B<FROGS>


B<F>ramework for B<R>ealtime B<O>nline B<G>ames of B<S>trategy

=head1 DESCRIPTION


This is a Framework for programming Massive Multiplayer Browsergames
(MMBG).

The generell idea is to have a SQL-Database, which is accessed over
DBI, some scripts to do the work at the server and some
EmbPerl-Scripts to do the user interaction. The wide area of games is
to different to give the scripts itself, so instead we choose to
provide some modules which includes the generell function of a MMBG
and you will program some scripts to do the game-specific
part. Normally you need:

=over 4

=item create.pl

A script, which generates a world in the database.

=item scheduler.pl

A script which do the commands and deliver the messages. It should run
as a daemon.

=item check.pl

A script, which checks the logical integrity of the database of your
game.

=item *.epl

A bunch of Templates for the user-interaction. For instance a
login.epl to manage the user-authentification and a map.epl to draw a
graphical map.

=back

As a start you can look at the scripts provided by the Aymargeddon
project (www.aymargeddon.de), which is based upon FROGS. You should
maybe use the *.epl-templates from it, because they do much generell
work and some of them will maybe included in later versions of FROGS.

FROGS consists of the following parts:

=over 4

=item B<FROGS::Map>

An generell baseclass for maps. Includes a generell baseclass for
locations.

=item B<FROGS::HexTorus>

A special Map derived from FROGS::Map. It is a Torus consisting of
Hex-Fields.

=item B<FROGS::Check>

This provides generell checking ability for the underlying database.

=item B<FROGS::DataBase>

Here the structur of the Database is defined. You should normally not
use direct DBI-access to the Database. Use this module instead
whenever possible.

=item B<FROGS::Config>

You have to change this to configure your Game. See the comments in
the file.

=back

Look in the perldoc of the parts if you want to know more.

=head1 DATABASE

You also need to provide a FROGS-conform database. Your game database
can have more tables and fields than this, but the following
tables/fields are a must have:

=over 4

=item MAP

Fields: LOCATION, GAME

=item COMMANDS

Fields: COMMAND, GAME, PLAYER

=item MESSAGES

Fields: GAME, MESSAGE, PLAYER, FROM

=item LOCALIZE

=item ROLE

=item PLAYER

=back

Look at the database definition in Aymargeddon to get a clue. For
later versions we will provide a database definition of this minimal
database to simplify things.

=head1 VERSION

This is Version 0.1 of the FROGS. 

=head1 LICENSE

FROGS is Free Software (GPL).

=head1 AUTHOR

FROGS was written by the Aymargeddon development team. Most work done by:

	Benni Baermann (benni AT obda DOT de)

	Dominikus Scherkl 

	Jens Kurlanda 

Contact us at ragnaroek AT informatik DOT uni-frankfurt DOT de.

=cut
